Master Jin, don't be too angry
You may not know
The eldest young master of the Huo family looks very similar to Qianqian's first love
He probably misses him
First love, right?
They were a good match when they were together
When we broke up later
Everyone thinks it's a pity
He may be trying to make up for his regret
Good one to make up for regret
The southern scenery is arrogant
I can't stand his woman being so hasty
Song Qianqian really has you
Young Master Jing, I'm not very good at riding either
Can you teach me? Of course
I've heard of you.
Song Qianqian
When did you learn to ride a horse?
no.
Jin Shao, what the hell are you doing?
Back then, you were crazy about pursuing the southern scenery
Everyone in Yuncheng knows
Ha ha.
Don't mention such an embarrassing thing again
And I didn't do it anyway.
In fact, sometimes I envy him
Whether it's the rumor of the year
It's the way you rejected him just now
It always makes me think you're funny
In fact, you can call me Breaking Dawn
Since you refuse
You can consider me.